Getting Started with Form (#1485)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Form/01 Getting Started with Form/20 Populate the Form Fields.md

> To create a data entry UI, assign an object to the [formData](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#formData) property. Each data field in this object produces a [simple item](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/)&mdash;a label-editor pair. 

Reviewer: "produces" Explain

Author: The Form creates a separate simple item for each field in the formData object

Reviewer: I would use this instead of 'produces'

> To populate form fields, assign an object to the [formData](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#formData) property. Each data field in this object produces a [simple item](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/)&mdash;a label-editor pair in which the label displays the data field name and the editor edits the data field value.

Reviewer 2: If you say "populate form fields", it implies that the form already has fields and you populate them. I guess a better way to say this is "To populate a form with fields". But then we'd probably end up repeating the word "fields" too many times (which is an issue already). So maybe we can say this:

```suggestion
To create a data entry UI, assign an object to the [formData](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#formData) property. Each data field in this object produces a [simple item](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/)&mdash;a label-editor pair. 
```

(I guess the last part is obvious. There's repetition of the word "field" and the phrase "editor edits", which all require adjustments. But in the end I just decided that this part is obvious enough and we can skip it.)

> The Form chooses default editors based on value types: [TextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/) for string values, [NumberBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/) for numbers, [DateBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/) for dates. You can use the [editorType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#editorType) property to specify an editor explicitly. In the following example, the Form uses default editors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Form chooses default editors based on value types: [TextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/) for string values, [NumberBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/) for numbers, [DateBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/) for dates. You can use the [editorType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#editorType) property to specify an editor explicitly. In the following example, the Form uses the default editors:
```

> The Form chooses default editors based on the field's data type: [TextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/) for string values, [NumberBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/) for numbers, [DateBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/) for dates. You can use the [editorType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#editorType) property to specify an editor explicitly. In the following example, the Form uses default editors:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Form chooses default editors based on value types: [TextBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/) for string values, [NumberBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/) for numbers, [DateBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateBox/) for dates. You can use the [editorType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#editorType) property to specify an editor explicitly. In the following example, the Form uses default editors:
```

        bootstrap: [AppComponent]
    })
    export class AppModule { }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxForm 
            :form-data="employee">
        </DxForm>
    </template>

    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DxForm } from 'devextreme-vue/form';

    const employee = {
        name: 'John Heart',
        officeNumber: 901,
        hireDate: new Date(2012, 4, 13)
    };

    export default {
        components: {
            DxForm
        },
        data: {
            return: {
                employee
            }
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import {
        Form
    } from 'devextreme-react/form';

    const employee = {
        name: 'John Heart',
        officeNumber: 901,
        hireDate: new Date(2012, 4, 13)
    };

    const App = () => {
        return (
            <Form
                formData={employee}>
            </Form>
        );
    }

    export default App;

---

> When you implement this code, the Form is created with the following simple items - TextBox for `name`, NumberBox for `officeNumber`, and DateBox for the `hireDate` data field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you implement this code, the Form is created with the following simple items: TextBox for `name`, NumberBox for `officeNumber`, and DateBox for the `hireDate` data field.
```

> When you implement this code, the Form is created with the following simple items - TextBox for the `name`, NumberBox for the `officeNumber`, and DateBox for the `hireDate` data field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you implement this code, the Form is created with the following simple items - TextBox for `name`, NumberBox for `officeNumber`, and DateBox for the `hireDate` data field.
```
